hello very good kids welcome from
new to the channel guys today we are here
in a video somewhat different from what
I'm used to uploading you ok
as you are seeing in the title it puts
tutorial on how to add
activities in social club or how to add
activities in social club and other vouchers
something related to these guys and
Now I am going to explain to you why it is worth
how are you looking good in the background you go to
see the tutorial this obviously and
many people I will say but you go or by
what do you do this if a lot of people no longer know
I do not know what, guys, I'm doing it
at popular request, what does it mean?
to produce at popular request yesterday rose
a 500 money trick without help where
you had to add two races worth
a race for the people of play and other
for another for the people of xbox then my
surprise has been very very big when
I have seen that the good majority most
no but I have answered more than 200
messages telling me that they did not know how to add
the race is worth or that the links were
broken and others when the links I'm
testing right now and they work
perfectly the trick
but what I come to show you here is
how to add careers activities
ballet then for this I have done
I can understand that there are people who are
new who has not played the gta is at
just as you have recently and not
races are added but at this point
that we have been playing for two years
that you do not know that sometimes social with
it fails that we can not add careers and
that they have to do some little thing what
I have seen very strange and in the end I say
you know what I do tutorial okay I'm going to
do guys let's go to the mess I do not want that
be a very long video
I will not do from scratch it's worth
you will enter my channel at
yesterday's video with another account alive
in the one of my secondary channel and here in
the social groups also as if it were
you are worth not from my channel or anything
weird is how you see forgiveness here we are
guys already in yesterday's video I guess
that good here as you see and the
handedly filter such and such a date
it's in the grass I'm going to cover it, I suppose
some black thing so they do not look
the videos of people like me
You can report by the thumbnail
etc
if you open good I will teach it from
zero for another time, if you want to add
a social club league you have to go to
link where it is worth my case is here
in the description of this video and here
as you see puts races worth we are going to
add these two races people
says it does not come out I'll close social
club ok let's close this social
club we close and we will open by
example the first link that 3 ps4 as
witnesses that this is normal is worth going
to say that the
mission here people also a mission
is not I do not know what's worth and answer in the
right side of social group I did not put it
also in the link where the video is
of dailymotion also puts it but
I guess people do not read it said the
link has to be opened more than once
correct on the right band is worth
we have to go in the band on the side
straight
here tells us the platform where
we want to open the link very very
important social club series this in
an error I do not know because it always puts pc
to ibex to xbox 360 because I've tried it
before and now I have opened the play 4
that's why he tells me we're going to do
very easy
play 4 play 3 whatever it is worth I'll
leave play 4 let's update
ok and now obviously we will not go
ok we close again and now
we would have to open the link again
we open the link in play 4 and here
we have our carrer vale you have
that you notice that the race opens for you
hit that does not open a window with
a lot of racing and now the only thing
that would be added to the game is worth
now what am I going to do I am going to teach you
that the xbox also works that is
very easy we add vale I'll open the
of xbox in principle you would not have to
open although sometimes it does open
because I have play four posts
obviously does not open I have play 4
we come to the right side we change
our platform is already xbox one xbox
I'm going to put xbox 360 guys and now not
it opens up obviously we close and
we have to reopen I thought
have to open it twice and change
the platform knew how to do all the
world but I see mere and that's why I do this
video
we open xbox 360
and even guys we already have the race is
which is the easiest thing in the world I hope that
you liked the tutorial worth guys
if I'm a little bit pissed off but yes
that a tad annoyed after seeing
that so many people did not know how to do it and
because they did not know how to do it because
pass but it is that I do not explain
answered hundreds of comments that
it costs to look a little at the comments
what people say in the same link
where I put the dailymotion video there
I explain it and it pisses me off that people this
do not read it
German goes direct seek liquidity or what
that I put additional that normally puts
the link congo post it as does not read it
and that's why I get a little bit upset and
also because I made this video for the
people who do not know is worth less ask
apologies and nothing like I hope that
be clear, you know how to burst the
button like share it so that what
as many people as possible see it because it is
necessary and see you the next video
bye